(past history)
/...
//...
///...

I shall check back on (...).

(recent changes)
\\\...
\\..
\.

Since last time we discussed, these things have appeared:
(...) and I have realized (...) to be inaccurate.
Current focus concerns (...) because (...) since (...) exists.

Here is my latest set of questions for you:
1. ..?
2. ..?

(answers sent by joe)
.1 (...)
.2 (...)

When solving a particular problem:
.. pickup from where last left off
.. if the next step is not planned out & the solution is not reached yet:
  .. search for the next natural location to look in
  .. find anything that seem interesting (while):
    .. such problem is not conflicting with current solution
    .. such interest does not require diverting attention elsewhere
    .. such solution takes me away from current search
    .. such search may lead to new branching search problems.
  .. continue to solve the nearest neighbors
  .. if convergent to exact solution, continue!
.. next step is one that does solve some problem
.. next solution contributes to solutions to sub-problems in the same space
.. continue!


when a data source is given and it is a static information resource:
.. find an agent that creates an interface:
  .. such interface must transfer problems to conjectures
  .. such interface must allow cojectures to solutions
  .. such solution must agree with predefined criteria
.. define some criteria that ensures maximum entropy generation
.. maximum entropy is when all possible observable data points are sequenced
.. from sequenced classes, we can search for the criteria which extracts the most knowledge out of any association
.. association is such that any subsequent associated thought would rise all associated thoughts that may not dynamically link from the content to state outside
.. for any link that covers enough knowledge bases:
  .. it could be measured how all possible elementary concepts could be attended
  .. it would attend those instances of possible data points with information about the abstract properties
  .. it should prepare questionaries that covers theoretically all possible use cases that may come out of that file
  .. any agent that satisfy building of such an inferface:
    .. provide access to all those observables
    .. it must be evaluted based on whether it could theoretically be made to realize some part of the information
  .. it has to compress in its generative policy all that could be asked to correspond in response construction.
.. all possible questions are going to be listed as possible queriable parameters
.. the response function should directly correspond with the task context which motivates any specific inquiry.


tasks are descriptions:
.. they assume an agent and a system embedding that agent
.. agent is capable of completing the task stages
.. stages are clearly outlined whether any agent may be found or not
.. at any stage the agent requires information and as a result builds knowledge
.. for any knowledge of solutions, the information must be such that could be processed in order to bring later stages
.. data access policy should be described with respect to the functional outputs.

